README.en.md, before:

# Strech3

*Read this in other languages: [English](README.en.md), [日本語](README.md)*

Stretch3 is available at https://stretch3.github.io/.

Please refer to each home page listed below, for the License of each extension.

## Note

TM2Scratch and TMPose2Scratch are not compatible, so you cannot use them at the same time.

## Available custom extensions

- [ML2Scratch](https://github.com/champierre/ml2scratch) You can easily experience and use image recognition with machine learning.
- [Posenet2Scratch](https://github.com/champierre/posenet2scratch) It can detect a person's posture and get the x and y positions of each part of the body.
- [micro:bit More](https://lab.yengawa.com/project/scratch-microbit-more/) It's more advanced than the micro:bit extension that comes with Scratch and takes advantage of almost all of the sensor and output capabilities that micro:bit has.
- [TM2Scratch](https://github.com/champierre/tm2scratch) Image and speech recognition with machine learning based on learning models that can be created with Google Teachable Machine (https://teachablemachine.withgoogle.com/).
- [TMPose2Scratch](https://github.com/champierre/tmpose2scratch) Pose recognition with machine learning based on learning models that can be created with Google Teachable Machine (https://teachablemachine.withgoogle.com/).
- [AkaDako(Grove2Scratch)](https://github.com/tfabworks/xcx-g2s) You can program [AkaDako](https://akadako.com) which can control Grove's sensors and actuators by simply connecting a USB cable.
- [Scratch2Maqueen](https://github.com/champierre/scratch2maqueen) You can program Maqueen, a graphical programming robot, in real time from Scratch.
- [Facemesh2Scratch](https://github.com/champierre/facemesh2scratch) You can track your face with just a webcam.
- [Handpose2Scratch](https://github.com/champierre/handpose2scratch) You can track your hands and fingers with just a webcam.
- [PaSoRich](https://github.com/con3office/pasorich) The IC card reader "PaSoRi" (Pasoli) can be used to read IC cards such as Suica.
- [scratch3-qrcode](https://github.com/sugiura-lab/scratch3-qrcode) Read the QR code.
- [Speech2Scratch](https://github.com/champierre/speech2scratch) converts speech to text using the browser's speech recognition feature.
- [ImageClassifier2Scratch](https://github.com/champierre/ic2scratch) Recognizes an object captured by a webcam and determines what it is.
- [iftttWebhooks][https://github.com/NorifumiOgawa/iftttWebhooks] Scratch works with other services via IFTTT.
- [NumberBank](https://github.com/con3office/numberbank) Numbers can be stored in the cloud.
- [LEGO DUPLO Train](https://github.com/bricklife/scratch-lego-bluetooth-extensions) LEGO DUPLO locomotives can be controlled from Scratch.

## How to add a custom extension

TBD

Commit message:

Add Geo Scratch description to README(English version).

README.en.md, after:

# Strech3

*Read this in other languages: [English](README.en.md), [日本語](README.md)*

Stretch3 is available at https://stretch3.github.io/.

Please refer to each home page listed below, for the License of each extension.

## Note

TM2Scratch and TMPose2Scratch are not compatible, so you cannot use them at the same time.

## Available custom extensions

- [ML2Scratch](https://github.com/champierre/ml2scratch) You can easily experience and use image recognition with machine learning.
- [Posenet2Scratch](https://github.com/champierre/posenet2scratch) It can detect a person's posture and get the x and y positions of each part of the body.
- [micro:bit More](https://lab.yengawa.com/project/scratch-microbit-more/) It's more advanced than the micro:bit extension that comes with Scratch and takes advantage of almost all of the sensor and output capabilities that micro:bit has.
- [TM2Scratch](https://github.com/champierre/tm2scratch) Image and speech recognition with machine learning based on learning models that can be created with Google Teachable Machine (https://teachablemachine.withgoogle.com/).
- [TMPose2Scratch](https://github.com/champierre/tmpose2scratch) Pose recognition with machine learning based on learning models that can be created with Google Teachable Machine (https://teachablemachine.withgoogle.com/).
- [AkaDako(Grove2Scratch)](https://github.com/tfabworks/xcx-g2s) You can program [AkaDako](https://akadako.com) which can control Grove's sensors and actuators by simply connecting a USB cable.
- [Scratch2Maqueen](https://github.com/champierre/scratch2maqueen) You can program Maqueen, a graphical programming robot, in real time from Scratch.
- [Facemesh2Scratch](https://github.com/champierre/facemesh2scratch) You can track your face with just a webcam.
- [Handpose2Scratch](https://github.com/champierre/handpose2scratch) You can track your hands and fingers with just a webcam.
- [PaSoRich](https://github.com/con3office/pasorich) The IC card reader "PaSoRi" (Pasoli) can be used to read IC cards such as Suica.
- [scratch3-qrcode](https://github.com/sugiura-lab/scratch3-qrcode) Read the QR code.
- [Speech2Scratch](https://github.com/champierre/speech2scratch) converts speech to text using the browser's speech recognition feature.
- [ImageClassifier2Scratch](https://github.com/champierre/ic2scratch) Recognizes an object captured by a webcam and determines what it is.
- [iftttWebhooks][https://github.com/NorifumiOgawa/iftttWebhooks] Scratch works with other services via IFTTT.
- [NumberBank](https://github.com/con3office/numberbank) Numbers can be stored in the cloud.
- [LEGO DUPLO Train](https://github.com/bricklife/scratch-lego-bluetooth-extensions) LEGO DUPLO locomotives can be controlled from Scratch.
- [Geo Scratch](https://github.com/geolonia/x-geo-scratch) Geolonia Maps can be controlled from Scratch.

## How to add a custom extension

TBD
